it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the quality.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the GUI.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the applications.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the use.
Great laptop that offers many great features! So, my review focuses on the features.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset. So, my review focuses on the battery.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied. So, my review focuses on the speed.
-No backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me. So, my review focuses on the keyboard.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed. So, my review focuses on the software.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed. So, my review focuses on the system.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap. So, my review focuses on the syncing.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours. So, my review focuses on the service.
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since. So, my review focuses on the battery.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features. So, my review focuses on the price.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features. So, my review focuses on the features.
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand. So, my review focuses on the brand.
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty. So, my review focuses on the warranty.
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for. So, my review focuses on the features.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running. So, my review focuses on the fan.
Speaking of the browser, it too has problems. So, my review focuses on the browser.
The keyboard is too slick. So, my review focuses on the keyboard.
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open. So, my review focuses on the program.
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all. So, my review focuses on the warrenty.
Amazing Quality! So, my review focuses on the Quality.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine. So, my review focuses on the webcam.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine. So, my review focuses on the value.
