I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town- lots of people, little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector, etc. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the quality.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the GUI.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the applications.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the use.
Sad very SAD. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Needless to say a PC that can't support a cell phone is less than useless! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Great laptop that offers many great features! So, my review focuses on the features.
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Still pretty pricey, but I've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund, and finally got to use it. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset. So, my review focuses on the battery.
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I HATE this one. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Oh, boy! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
But while this is one big advantage (as you may know from the company s recent commercials) there are other things to consider before going with Apple. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied. So, my review focuses on the speed.
on the bright side at least I wasn't without my laptop for long this time! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
That's how frustrating it was. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
-No backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me. So, my review focuses on the keyboard.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed. So, my review focuses on the software.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed. So, my review focuses on the system.
I can't even turn it off. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap. So, my review focuses on the syncing.
I shopped around before buying. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Would do business again. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours. So, my review focuses on the service.
I have had the luxury (sarcasm) of owning 2 of these laptops. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
What a waste. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since. So, my review focuses on the battery.
:) In the past four years I've had it I have never once gotten a virus. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
They were great in handling this problem, and I'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I've tried going back to XL but there still problems. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features. So, my review focuses on the price.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features. So, my review focuses on the features.
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand. So, my review focuses on the brand.
It cannot save the correct date and time I set. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty. So, my review focuses on the warranty.
And this isn't just my one experine. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for. So, my review focuses on the features.
I would highly recommend this one to my friends. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I honestly love my mac, thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running. So, my review focuses on the fan.
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
-they lost my laptop for a month. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
This is my second laptop,and it is head and shoulders above my first. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
at first! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Speaking of the browser, it too has problems. So, my review focuses on the browser.
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I can't imagine ever going back. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The keyboard is too slick. So, my review focuses on the keyboard.
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open. So, my review focuses on the program.
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all. So, my review focuses on the warrenty.
I LOVE IT! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Amazing Quality! So, my review focuses on the Quality.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine. So, my review focuses on the webcam.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine. So, my review focuses on the value.
A month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died. So, my review focuses on the motherboard.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all. So, my review focuses on the system.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running. So, my review focuses on the charger.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running. So, my review focuses on the hardware.
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now, maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
*2 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Called headquarters, they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is "on the top of the stack". So, my review focuses on the NONE.
This machine delivers. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I complain again... So, my review focuses on the NONE.
This laptop is insane!!! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow. So, my review focuses on the works.
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out. So, my review focuses on the warrenty.
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
what an elegant, wonderful machine. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
for 2 months. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Do you ever think HP would do that? NEVER! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
