it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the quality.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the GUI.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the applications.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous. So, my review focuses on the use.
Great laptop that offers many great features! So, my review focuses on the features.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset. So, my review focuses on the battery.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied. So, my review focuses on the speed.
-No backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me. So, my review focuses on the keyboard.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed. So, my review focuses on the software.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed. So, my review focuses on the system.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap. So, my review focuses on the syncing.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours. So, my review focuses on the service.
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since. So, my review focuses on the battery.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features. So, my review focuses on the price.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features. So, my review focuses on the features.
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand. So, my review focuses on the brand.
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty. So, my review focuses on the warranty.
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for. So, my review focuses on the features.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running. So, my review focuses on the fan.
Speaking of the browser, it too has problems. So, my review focuses on the browser.
The keyboard is too slick. So, my review focuses on the keyboard.
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open. So, my review focuses on the program.
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all. So, my review focuses on the warrenty.
Amazing Quality! So, my review focuses on the Quality.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine. So, my review focuses on the webcam.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine. So, my review focuses on the value.
A month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died. So, my review focuses on the motherboard.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all. So, my review focuses on the system.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running. So, my review focuses on the charger.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running. So, my review focuses on the hardware.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow. So, my review focuses on the works.
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out. So, my review focuses on the warrenty.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed. So, my review focuses on the memory.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed. So, my review focuses on the speed.
Then, within 5 months, the charger crapped out on me. So, my review focuses on the charger.
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed. So, my review focuses on the speed.
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect. So, my review focuses on the hardware.
Oh yeah, don't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP. So, my review focuses on the shipping.
Going to bring it to service today. So, my review focuses on the service.
But we had paid for bluetooth, and there was none. So, my review focuses on the bluetooth.
My daughter uses it for games, email, facebook, pictures and music. So, my review focuses on the games.
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well. So, my review focuses on the responds.
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard. So, my review focuses on the motherboard.
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard. So, my review focuses on the motherboard.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months! So, my review focuses on the hardware.
they had to replace the motherboard in April. So, my review focuses on the motherboard.
Yes, the computer was light weight, less expensive than the average laptop, and was pretty self explantory in use. So, my review focuses on the use.
Keyboard is great, very quiet for all the typing that I do. So, my review focuses on the Keyboard.
2 months later, the battery went. So, my review focuses on the battery.
You may need to special order a bag. So, my review focuses on the bag.
It's color is even cool. So, my review focuses on the color.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed. So, my review focuses on the keys.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed. So, my review focuses on the designed.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor. So, my review focuses on the style.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor. So, my review focuses on the speed.
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it. So, my review focuses on the keyboard.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing. So, my review focuses on the mousepad.
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so, the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying. So, my review focuses on the battery.
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag. So, my review focuses on the use.
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag. So, my review focuses on the security.
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag. So, my review focuses on the pricetag.
  It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work. So, my review focuses on the use.
  It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work. So, my review focuses on the work.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect! So, my review focuses on the webcam.
One drawback, I wish the keys were backlit. So, my review focuses on the keys.
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem(after spending about 2 hours with me), so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem. So, my review focuses on the software.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month. So, my review focuses on the volume.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month. So, my review focuses on the mouse.
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive. So, my review focuses on the touchpad.
Great battery, speed, display. So, my review focuses on the battery.
Great battery, speed, display. So, my review focuses on the speed.
Great battery, speed, display. So, my review focuses on the display.
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again. So, my review focuses on the delivery.
