But the staff was so horrible to us. So, my review focuses on the staff.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the kitchen.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the menu.
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great. So, my review focuses on the food.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great. So, my review focuses on the perks.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy. So, my review focuses on the Bagels.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good. So, my review focuses on the food.
i've noticed megadeth, mr. scruff, st. germain, traditional vietnamese songs, black sabbath, jay-z, and daft punk all being played. So, my review focuses on the songs.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it. So, my review focuses on the toast.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk! So, my review focuses on the drinks.
The design and atmosphere is just as good. So, my review focuses on the design.
The design and atmosphere is just as good. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine. So, my review focuses on the cuisine.
I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
He can't help, they're bought up so fast. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Obviously run by folks who know a pie. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
We were very disappointed. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I really liked this place. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I will be going back very soon. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches. So, my review focuses on the seats.
It was pretty inexpensive too. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Will not be back. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes. So, my review focuses on the dishes.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the vibe.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the owner.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the service.
This isn't a value joint. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery. So, my review focuses on the delivery.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the food.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the service.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat! So, my review focuses on the food.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat! So, my review focuses on the prices.
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth's is the Strip House. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
You'll adore it. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Two words: Free wine. So, my review focuses on the wine.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor. So, my review focuses on the price.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor. So, my review focuses on the service.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied. So, my review focuses on the quantity.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious. So, my review focuses on the service.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money. So, my review focuses on the meal.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money. So, my review focuses on the money.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach. So, my review focuses on the food.
so garantuan that you can't fit them in a toaster. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were. So, my review focuses on the specials.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner. So, my review focuses on the lunch.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner. So, my review focuses on the dinner.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good. So, my review focuses on the service.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good. So, my review focuses on the desert.
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner. So, my review focuses on the bar.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner. So, my review focuses on the table.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner. So, my review focuses on the dinner.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment. So, my review focuses on the service.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment. So, my review focuses on the food.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment. So, my review focuses on the environment.
Not what I wanted to hear. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I've been there a few times, and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting. So, my review focuses on the food.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting. So, my review focuses on the menu.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting. So, my review focuses on the service.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting. So, my review focuses on the setting.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience. So, my review focuses on the dinner.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience. So, my review focuses on the dining.
Can't wait to go back. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds. So, my review focuses on the Dosa.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored . So, my review focuses on the menu.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees. So, my review focuses on the menu.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees. So, my review focuses on the entrees.
If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent. So, my review focuses on the menu.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent. So, my review focuses on the dishes.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in. So, my review focuses on the bagels.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in. So, my review focuses on the spreads.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not. So, my review focuses on the service.
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests. So, my review focuses on the table.
This place is a great bargain. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits. So, my review focuses on the food.
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied. So, my review focuses on the meal.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat. So, my review focuses on the ingredients.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat. So, my review focuses on the chopsticks.
My husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The pizza was pretty good and huge. So, my review focuses on the pizza.
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei. So, my review focuses on the cuisine.
I heartily recommend. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service. So, my review focuses on the service.
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was. So, my review focuses on the dish.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant. So, my review focuses on the service.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant. So, my review focuses on the food.
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
This place is so much fun. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I was glad I did. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza. So, my review focuses on the pizza.
I've never been treated so rudely. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I'll be back soon. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Went inside and I started to get excited. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order. So, my review focuses on the delivery.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order. So, my review focuses on the order.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal. So, my review focuses on the server.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal. So, my review focuses on the meal.
However, it is jus too good to not praise it. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds. So, my review focuses on the scents.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
