But the staff was so horrible to us. So, my review focuses on the staff.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the kitchen.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the menu.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great. So, my review focuses on the food.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great. So, my review focuses on the perks.
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy. So, my review focuses on the Bagels.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good. So, my review focuses on the food.
i've noticed megadeth, mr. scruff, st. germain, traditional vietnamese songs, black sabbath, jay-z, and daft punk all being played. So, my review focuses on the songs.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it. So, my review focuses on the toast.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk! So, my review focuses on the drinks.
The design and atmosphere is just as good. So, my review focuses on the design.
The design and atmosphere is just as good. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine. So, my review focuses on the cuisine.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches. So, my review focuses on the seats.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes. So, my review focuses on the dishes.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the vibe.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the owner.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the service.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery. So, my review focuses on the delivery.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the food.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the service.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat! So, my review focuses on the food.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat! So, my review focuses on the prices.
Two words: Free wine. So, my review focuses on the wine.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor. So, my review focuses on the price.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor. So, my review focuses on the service.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied. So, my review focuses on the quantity.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious. So, my review focuses on the service.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money. So, my review focuses on the meal.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money. So, my review focuses on the money.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach. So, my review focuses on the food.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were. So, my review focuses on the specials.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner. So, my review focuses on the lunch.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner. So, my review focuses on the dinner.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good. So, my review focuses on the service.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good. So, my review focuses on the desert.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner. So, my review focuses on the bar.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner. So, my review focuses on the table.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner. So, my review focuses on the dinner.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment. So, my review focuses on the service.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment. So, my review focuses on the food.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment. So, my review focuses on the environment.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting. So, my review focuses on the food.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting. So, my review focuses on the menu.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting. So, my review focuses on the service.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting. So, my review focuses on the setting.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience. So, my review focuses on the dinner.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience. So, my review focuses on the dining.
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds. So, my review focuses on the Dosa.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored . So, my review focuses on the menu.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees. So, my review focuses on the menu.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees. So, my review focuses on the entrees.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent. So, my review focuses on the menu.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent. So, my review focuses on the dishes.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in. So, my review focuses on the bagels.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in. So, my review focuses on the spreads.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not. So, my review focuses on the service.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests. So, my review focuses on the table.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits. So, my review focuses on the food.
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied. So, my review focuses on the meal.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat. So, my review focuses on the ingredients.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat. So, my review focuses on the chopsticks.
The pizza was pretty good and huge. So, my review focuses on the pizza.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei. So, my review focuses on the cuisine.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service. So, my review focuses on the service.
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was. So, my review focuses on the dish.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant. So, my review focuses on the service.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant. So, my review focuses on the food.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza. So, my review focuses on the pizza.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order. So, my review focuses on the delivery.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order. So, my review focuses on the order.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal. So, my review focuses on the server.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal. So, my review focuses on the meal.
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds. So, my review focuses on the scents.
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet! So, my review focuses on the check.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name. So, my review focuses on the reservations.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name. So, my review focuses on the hostess.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it. So, my review focuses on the waiting.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible. So, my review focuses on the service.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible. So, my review focuses on the food.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible. So, my review focuses on the managers.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS. So, my review focuses on the food.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS. So, my review focuses on the food.
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen. So, my review focuses on the table.
Not impressed with the food. So, my review focuses on the food.
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress. So, my review focuses on the Service.
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress. So, my review focuses on the maitre.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great. So, my review focuses on the service.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices. So, my review focuses on the Indian.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices. So, my review focuses on the prices.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish. So, my review focuses on the Ambiance.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right. So, my review focuses on the ingredients.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right. So, my review focuses on the ingredients.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right. So, my review focuses on the pizza.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right. So, my review focuses on the crust.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs. So, my review focuses on the kababs.
I look forward to eating here again. So, my review focuses on the eating.
I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste. So, my review focuses on the taste.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price. So, my review focuses on the meal.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price. So, my review focuses on the price.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly. So, my review focuses on the served.
The pizza here is delicious. So, my review focuses on the pizza.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick! So, my review focuses on the Pizza.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick! So, my review focuses on the delivery.
But who says Murray's is anything about service. So, my review focuses on the service.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food. So, my review focuses on the food.
Hats off to the chef. So, my review focuses on the chef.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience. So, my review focuses on the Service.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience. So, my review focuses on the teapot.
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York. So, my review focuses on the place.
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York. So, my review focuses on the food.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong. So, my review focuses on the waitress.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong. So, my review focuses on the tables.
The food was bland oily. So, my review focuses on the food.
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good. So, my review focuses on the prices.
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good. So, my review focuses on the food.
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across. So, my review focuses on the bartender.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy. So, my review focuses on the Ambiance.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy. So, my review focuses on the music.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city. So, my review focuses on the drinks.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city. So, my review focuses on the service.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date. So, my review focuses on the food.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date. So, my review focuses on the refleshment.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance. So, my review focuses on the ambiance.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance. So, my review focuses on the service.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance. So, my review focuses on the foods.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance. So, my review focuses on the tastes.
Last time I went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order. So, my review focuses on the waitress.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants. So, my review focuses on the space.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants. So, my review focuses on the service.
I love the atmorphere @ peep! So, my review focuses on the atmorphere.
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza! So, my review focuses on the Pizza.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could. So, my review focuses on the environment.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could. So, my review focuses on the food.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could. So, my review focuses on the service.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion. So, my review focuses on the reservation.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy. So, my review focuses on the table.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times. So, my review focuses on the delivered.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison. So, my review focuses on the lunch.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive. So, my review focuses on the hostess.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees. So, my review focuses on the corridor.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees. So, my review focuses on the space.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees. So, my review focuses on the counters.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees. So, my review focuses on the counter.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees. So, my review focuses on the entrees.
The food is great. So, my review focuses on the food.
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill. So, my review focuses on the steaks.
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill. So, my review focuses on the salads.
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill. So, my review focuses on the sides.
Decent wine at reasonable prices. So, my review focuses on the wine.
Decent wine at reasonable prices. So, my review focuses on the prices.
All conveniently delivered right to the door. So, my review focuses on the delivered.
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price. So, my review focuses on the price.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it. So, my review focuses on the dish.
Okay service. So, my review focuses on the service.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service. So, my review focuses on the food.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service. So, my review focuses on the service.
The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually. So, my review focuses on the food.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food. So, my review focuses on the waitress.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food. So, my review focuses on the food.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you. So, my review focuses on the food.
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention. So, my review focuses on the servers.
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention. So, my review focuses on the servers.
