But the staff was so horrible to us. So, my review focuses on the staff.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the kitchen.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the menu.
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great. So, my review focuses on the food.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great. So, my review focuses on the perks.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy. So, my review focuses on the Bagels.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good. So, my review focuses on the food.
i've noticed megadeth, mr. scruff, st. germain, traditional vietnamese songs, black sabbath, jay-z, and daft punk all being played. So, my review focuses on the songs.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it. So, my review focuses on the toast.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk! So, my review focuses on the drinks.
The design and atmosphere is just as good. So, my review focuses on the design.
The design and atmosphere is just as good. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine. So, my review focuses on the cuisine.
I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time! So, my review focuses on the NONE.
He can't help, they're bought up so fast. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
Obviously run by folks who know a pie. So, my review focuses on the NONE.
