But the staff was so horrible to us. So, my review focuses on the staff.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the food.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the kitchen.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not. So, my review focuses on the menu.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great. So, my review focuses on the food.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great. So, my review focuses on the perks.
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy. So, my review focuses on the Bagels.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good. So, my review focuses on the food.
i've noticed megadeth, mr. scruff, st. germain, traditional vietnamese songs, black sabbath, jay-z, and daft punk all being played. So, my review focuses on the songs.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it. So, my review focuses on the toast.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk! So, my review focuses on the drinks.
The design and atmosphere is just as good. So, my review focuses on the design.
The design and atmosphere is just as good. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine. So, my review focuses on the cuisine.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches. So, my review focuses on the seats.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes. So, my review focuses on the dishes.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the vibe.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the owner.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast. So, my review focuses on the service.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery. So, my review focuses on the delivery.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the food.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the atmosphere.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat. So, my review focuses on the service.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat! So, my review focuses on the food.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat! So, my review focuses on the prices.
Two words: Free wine. So, my review focuses on the wine.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor. So, my review focuses on the price.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor. So, my review focuses on the service.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied. So, my review focuses on the quantity.
